JST-XH connectors are used on MATRIX/NeveRest motors (#383)
gamemanual0/gm0: source/docs/power-and-electronics/connectors-and-wires.rst

         :width: 200px

   JST-XH

>       JST-XH connectors are used for the encoder connections on GoBilda Yellow Jacket motors and on AndyMark NeveRest motors.  They are less commonly found on some third party sensors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      JST-XH connectors are used for the encoder connections on goBILDA (MATRIX) and Andymark NeveRest motors. Both vendors sell adapters from JST-XH to the :term:`JST-PH` encoder ports on the REV Control/Expansion Hubs. These connectors are also occasionally found on some third party sensors.
```
